docs(userguide): clarify mc_dropout + likelihood combination (#3117)
unit8co/darts: CHANGELOG.md

> 
> **Improved**
> 
> - Clarified the `Capturing model uncertainty using Monte Carlo Dropout` section of the user guide to explain how `mc_dropout=True` interacts with the `likelihood`/`predict_likelihood_parameters` knobs, so readers know which combination produces both epistemic and aleatoric uncertainty. Closes [#2105](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/issues/2105).
> 

Reviewer: feel free to take credit here (`by ...`) and refer to the PR number, not the issue

```suggestion

- Clarified the `Capturing model uncertainty using Monte Carlo Dropout` section of the `forecasting_overview.md` user guide to explain how `mc_dropout=True` interacts with the `likelihood`/`predict_likelihood_parameters` knobs. Closes [#3117](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/3117).

```
